README.md, before:

# Modern TechSolutions Portfolio

A premium, minimalist, and responsive portfolio website built with HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JavaScript. This project features a clean "Emerald Green" aesthetic with smooth scroll animations, glassmorphism effects, and a fully functional contact form.

## Key Features

- **Minimalist Design**: Premium aesthetics using a curated color palette (`#07b36d` Emerald Green) and modern typography (Outfit & Inter).
- **Fully Responsive**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices with a custom hamburger menu.
- **Scroll Reveal Animations**: Dynamic content loading as you scroll using the `IntersectionObserver` API.
- **Interactive Navbar**: Transparent glassmorphism header that shrinks and gains opacity on scroll.
- **Form Validation**: Client-side validation for the contact form with immediate feedback.
- **Multi-page Architecture**: Included sections for Home, Profile, Portfolio, and Services.

## Project Structure

```text
├── css/
│   └── style.css      # Custom design system and layout
├── js/
│   └── script.js     # Scroll effects, animations, and form logic
├── index.html        # Landing Page & Contact Section
├── profile.html      # About Us, Vision, and Mission
├── portfolio.html    # Selected Project Gallery
└── services.html     # Service Offerings & Features
```

## Tech Stack

- **HTML5**: Semantic structure for better SEO and accessibility.
- **CSS3**: Custom properties (CSS variables), Grid/Flexbox layouts, and animations.
- **JavaScript**: ES6+ modules, Intersection Observer API, and DOM manipulation.
- **Icons**: Font Awesome 6.x
- **Typography**: Google Fonts (Outfit & Inter)

## Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/adityamp0/CodingCamp-09Feb26-Aditya.git
    ```
2.  **Open locally**:
    Simply open `index.html` in your favorite web browser.

## License

&copy; 2026 [adityamp0](https://github.com/adityamp0). Crafted with Precision & Innovation.

Commit message:

Refine README content for clarity and detail
Updated README to enhance feature descriptions and project structure details.

README.md, after:

# Modern TechSolutions Portfolio

A premium, minimalist, and responsive portfolio website built with HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JavaScript. This project features a clean "Emerald Green" aesthetic with smooth scroll animations, glassmorphism effects, and a fully functional contact form.

## Key Features

- **Minimalist Design**: Premium aesthetics using a curated color palette (`#07b36d` Emerald Green) and modern typography (Outfit & Inter).
- **Personalized Welcoming Speech**: A premium glassmorphism modal that greets visitors and dynamically updates the hero section with a time-based personalized message.
- **Fully Responsive**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices with a custom hamburger menu.
- **Scroll Reveal Animations**: Dynamic content loading as you scroll using the `IntersectionObserver` API for a smooth user experience.
- **Interactive Navbar**: Transparent glassmorphism header that shrinks and adjusts opacity during scroll for better focus.
- **Form Validation**: Advanced client-side validation for the contact form with clean error states and immediate feedback.
- **Multi-page Architecture**: Independent modules for Home, Profile, Portfolio, and Services for better information hierarchy.

## Project Structure

```text
├── css/
│   └── style.css      # Custom design system, typography, and modal styling
├── js/
│   └── script.js      # Core logic for animations, form handling, and welcoming modal
├── index.html         # Landing Page, Contact Section & Welcoming Modal
├── profile.html       # About Us, Vision, and Mission
├── portfolio.html     # Selected Works Gallery with high-quality visuals
└── services.html      # Detailed Service Offerings & Feature Lists
```

## Tech Stack

- **HTML5**: Semantic structure for enhanced SEO and accessibility.
- **CSS3**: Custom properties (CSS variables), Grid/Flexbox layouts, and sophisticated animations.
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)**: ES6+ functionality, Intersection Observer API, and personalized DOM manipulation.
- **Icons**: Font Awesome 6.4.0
- **Typography**: Google Fonts (Outfit for headings, Inter for body text)

## Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/adityamp0/CodingCamp-09Feb26-Aditya.git
    ```
2.  **Open locally**:
    Simply open `index.html` in your favorite web browser.
3.  **Interaction**:
    Enter your name in the welcoming modal to see the personalized greeting system in action!

## License

&copy; 2026 [adityamp0](https://github.com/adityamp0). Crafted with Precision & Innovation.
